Hello friend.  Welcome back.  In a previous video here we successfully created on the Cedar right here we successfully carried on  the user table Cedar and I have even set some of the data as admin and then the vendor that will be5  for the user.  5So every data now that should be inserted in our user table.5  So now we have to work in our model.  That means user model.5  That is one of the by default when you install that Laravel Laravel created out of the model if you  go to that HTTP that means in our app and then STP not in our app and that is our models.  And if you go to that our user here we have to do we have to make all that feel as a fee level  right?  So before in our previous section I have already discussed about that things with you.  Now I have already generated that means added some of the new field right here.5  I have added some of the new field.  5Also we have to do we have to make it all that field in E here.5  5That means we have to add all that field in particular that position.5  So if you don't want to use it like that way here there is also one of the simple command now the  done to run it.  So if you want to make all that field as a feasible then you have to use it as a protected that is  a protected and then the guarded that is always a protected guarded and all that our field.  So here if you use it then all that your field will be as a feasible.  So now I make all that field as a fee level.  5Fine.55  55Now click the save all.5  Now we have to do.  We have to work in our factories.  In the factories that is by default is a user factories right?  So you do the user factory.  5Now I want you to create some of the fake name like there is our field name as a name.5  That is our also that is email which is fine which is fine.5  That is all that our name.  5So it will be created on the fake name.55  5Should we care on the fake name which is fine.55  5And then the email used will be created some of the fake email then password so we can add the by5  default password as a password.  That means that result of the hash code.  Okay.5  That is the hash code means that is on the password.5  Remember token.  5Great.5  Great.  So now after the password now don't also insert some of that other field data that is a photo to phone  address role and then the status here I want to do I want to also add this data you know user factory5  after the password.  Now to want to add it better I want to copy it and copy it and then I want to use it in here.5  I state I simply past it.5  5Okay.  So now that will be our free name our field name.5  I want to use it as a phone.5  Phone.5  5And for the phone I want to don to use some of the fake name or filename or filename here.55  I want to use it as a phone number.5  55The phone numbers automatically now that will be created.5555  5Add all that.55  5Our fake phone number.55  555Great.5555  55Okay great.555  And then that will be our another field as a add this add this sound to use some of the fake address.  I make it as a add this Great.  And then I want to take our photo port of field.  Right.  55So that is actually the photo field into the for the photo field.55  5I want to create some the fake image that will be another function as the image I mails you URL.55  So to simply use that as an image URL and that will be as a  by  I make it a  by  automatically  that will be generated.  5That is all the fake by the fake method automatically.555  So we get all that things.  5Okay so now that is  by  grade and also under.5  Don't take our another one that will be as a roll and then that will be a this status to us.  Right.  5That will be the status and for the role that is the different type of role.5  5I want to also add some the random element.5  So now do not use it as a random element with that a random element and into the random element.5  There is a three things now we have to add.  5One will be as a add mean and also another one.5  5Another will be as a vendor and also another one will be as a user.  I simply created add the things and now also add that our status field by default and also to use that  another random element so it automatically so we get some of the random element as active and also another  one will be as inactive.  Okay That'll be inactive.  Great.  Perfect.  5So now here we successfully done this shop and then that will be remembered.55  Tolkien.  Great great stuff.  Will be just like that.  Same stuff will be just like the same.  5I simply added some of the filename and that is all that our name email password phone address5  5photo role.5  5That is the random element method which will be created.5  5So the random name as the admin vendor user.5  5Great.5  5Great.55  5And then that will be for the.5  55And the Milliman.55  5For the active.5  55Inactive.5  5Perfect.5  5Perfect.5  5Now I take the save vault and now we have to do we have to work in a database either so into the database5  5either the by default that will be as a comment.5  55So now I have to do we have to make it as a comment out.55  5And here I want to do I want to use it as a these these and these will be oriented on the call and the55  5caller which file.5  5So that will be the call caller see that that I have created as a user stable seeder right now I want5  5to take it I want to call this our see that the user right?55  5That will be the user table the a B make the spelling is correct because that will be actually call5  55our decider as a user sorry that will be users user stable and then seeder.555  55I simply call that as a user stable seeder.5555  I want to call this class.  So that will be class.  I simply load it.  5Great.55  And then here I make it as a comment out.  That will be users Factory.  How many data you want to add?  Like by default?  I want to take it as a ten data.  If you want to make it as  data you will be generated out of the fake  data.  Here.  5I have already added some of the fake data so now I'm for education purpose.5  5I better make it as a ten or eight.5  5Eight will be enough.55  I make it as eight it is to be generated eight fake number.  Great.  Good.5  55That means in our user table if the user table is actually now inserted some of the data show you5  5like right now it's perfect.  Now if you click as a save all I click at save all and now undo done to migrate it So if you go and  5now if you make it as a PHP artisan migrate now click enter.5  55Now it's display as ID nothing to migrate because of all before I have already migrated.55  55Right.55  5So now I want to refresh it.55  So here I want done to make it as a PHP artisan PHP artisan and then the migrate partition migrate and  now on to do how to make it as a fresh migrate.  5So that will be the fresh fresh.5  And here I'm done to see this data.  5So that will be the seed grade.  That means our migration will be free fresh again and then that will be seed all that our new data.  5Now if you click the enter now you can see now you can see it's no again.5  5But here they have some of the error.  They have some data in our user table.  55See they're expecting this in our PHP 5 line right?55  5That means they have some of the issues in here.5  5If you go to our user table see there that is our user table.5  See that here where you can see I didn't use that as a comma that should be on the comma that should  5be on the coma and also that should be not the comma.5  5Right.555  5Actually this comma is missing.55  555Now let's check this out.5555  Click as save all now and to run this command again and to run this command as a PHP artist on migrate5  5and fresh and then see it click as enter.55  5Now let's check this out again.555  55There is also another error as the field username does not have default value.55  5It's because of fall here.55  If you go here you can see I have used that username is a name and also here I have user name.5  5But in our if you go to our user factory here you can see I didn't use any username right?5  So that is actually the problem.  So better I want to do in our here.  Actually you can see I didn't make that field as a non able so we're going to make it as a non-verbal  here.  I simply make it as a user name field will be as an animal I click as a save all so that here you run  5it and also better in our table that means in our user they will go to the disk structure into the texture55  5area here that is a user field.55  5User field.5  I also want to done to change it.  5I want to make it as a so if there have any no data then that will be not display any error here.5  5You can see I just simply make it as an animal.  That means user field as a worker to 5 character which is fine.  5I make it as a non able.5  That is perfect.  5Now I want to save it.  Now that should be not display any add or if you go to that browse.55  Okay.  If you go to that browse and that is our user you can see are previous all the data is inserted that  means.  5All of this data is inserted here.5  If you go here in our data that is our user factory and there is all that our FIG data is not inserted  but in our user see there here you can see that is our there all the data.  5So now that is the three data is inserted that is the admin that is a vendor and that is our user.55  5If you go you consider the user name as a admin and then admin I have already name it the another5  5one vendor for the audience vendor and that is our user.5  55All that our data is inserted.555  You can see there is the email is inserted the password is inserted here.  5I make that feel as an non-Apple they have no data it's fine and then role as the admin vendor and5  then user and all that every status as the active.  5That means all that or C that data is inserted right?5  So that is actually all that RC That data.  So this data is inserted successfully only the issue is that higher.  I have also used our another one as a user factories they have some of the fake data.  It should be add some of the fake data here.  I have already used that as if you should be at that factory as a eight.  Fake data should be loaded right now.5  I'm done to check it again.  I click the save all and to run this command again I can run it as a C there that is will be our.  5There is a phrase that doesn't migrate fresh and C now click as the enter.5  5Yeah.5  5You can see now that is successfully updated.5  All the data base table is now refresh and see all the data.  Now if you go now refresh it.5  Yes you can see now our all that Fed data is down successfully added here.  5We successfully added all that fake data and that is a four five six seven that is a name is successfully5  added.5  They have some of the username.  5Username is the null that is email address which generates some of the email address because of all5  here.  5If you now go everything will be very clear.5  You can see I didn't use any username in here for the reasons it's not generated any fake username but  email.  That is for the email.  I have generated some of the email in here.  That is a fake email.  We generated fake phone address emails and then admin role will be generated.55  5That means if you now go here you can see that the email is generated fake email is generated and5  5also this fake address is generated.5  Phone number is generated photo is generated and also the role as a user and then active.  5And then also another one is the admin.5  5Also another one is a vendor right?5  5So now that is our admin vendor and then user I hope friend your seller part is very much clear to5  you here.  5We successfully done this job and for our user table now there is a three different type of user in5  one table because I will use one table and with the middle layer will protect everything.  I will step by step everything will be more clear.5  So right now there are the three user one is the admin and there is the vendor and that is the user.  Right now also I have make that thing so on here like by default when you create a new user that  should be default as a user right?  I show you like if you go right now if you go to that p t how many table actually inserted that is  555inside it has  right?555  5So now I want to do on to a register on the new user.5  5Now I refresh it and now I want to register it.5  5That means I want to register on the new user.5  So I simply name it as a Z and then that will be the cause at the rate gmail.com password.  I make it as you youtube me.5  5.  5You do me one two three four five.5  Okay.  5Now if you click at the register let's check this out.  5Hmm.5  5Perfect.5  You can see we successfully now logged in.  Now new user is added.  Now let's check this out.  Our default user each.5  5Which one?  Our default user should be as a user right now if you go to our database table and now there is a   on down to refresh it.  Now that should be as a .  5Yeah there is a  as a Gazi you can see.55  And for the course there is a username as a null email address here.5  That should be all the email address.5  5Email address is visible as a crazy address gmail.com.55  There have also not the password.5  Great great.55  55And you can see our role is now by default as a user.55  5So now it's user and that is our active great and great.55  So now we are able to successful logging with all that user.5  5Better to do and to continue this process.55  5In our next video is step by step.5  I will show everything with the live example.  So Fred I hope you get that idea how all that cedar function actually work how we can see some of  5the data in our database how can create some of the fake data.5  5So that is all that our fake data is successfully generated.  Great.5  5Everything is great.  Everything is great.  So now here I have created on the eight fake new data so that is a eight and also I have inserted  as a three so eight nine ten and then  for the reasons before that is actually display as the  5 data.  Now I am inside new one as a .  Great great.  So better to continue this process.  In the next video I will log in with all that user and also to create some of the media layer and  how I can protect it.5  I will show you everything with a live example.  5So thanks for watching.5  5I will see you in the next video.

